Dynamic taxes (#476)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/extending/apps/synchronous-webhooks/payment-webhooks.mdx

- `PAYMENT_AUTHORIZE`
- `PAYMENT_CAPTURE`
- `PAYMENT_CONFIRM`
- `PAYMENT_PROCESS`
- `PAYMENT_REFUND`
- `PAYMENT_VOID`

:::note
If an app has more than one webhook that listens to the same payment event, Saleor will always pick the first webhook from the list.
:::

See the example payload sent from Saleor for these payment events: [Payment actions payload](/developer/extending/apps/sample-webhook-payloads.mdx#payment-actions-payload).

For payments that require confirmation (such as 3D Secure) Saleor triggers the following events:

- `PAYMENT_PROCESS` - when the `checkoutComplete` mutation is run for the first time, payment is created and waits for the user's confirmation.
- `PAYMENT_CONFIRM` - when the `checkoutComplete` mutation is run for the second time, payment is confirmed.
  Depending on a payment gateway, multiple events can be triggered.

For payments without a confirmation step, Saleor triggers only the `PAYMENT_PROCESS` event.

#### Expected response

Below is the list of fields that webhook can return in the JSON response for a payment action. All fields are optional:

- `action_required` - (boolean) determines if additional action (confirmation) is required.

> - `action_required_data` - (object) additional data that may be needed to confirm the payment, for example, URL to redirect the user to the confirmation page in the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `action_required_data` - (object) additional data that may be needed to confirm the payment. An example would be a URL to redirect the user to the confirmation page in the frontend.
```
